dnd characters in brothel:

\subsection{Dragonborn sorcerer}
 You are a ferocious wanderer of the untrodden ways, a survivor who constantly tests yourself against the dangers of the wild—and conquers. Despite your self-sufficiency, you tire of a life alone. Your clan is far, but these companions are the closest thing to a tribe. As long as they can prove themselves worthy of your company, you will travel with them
\subsection{Drow Rogue}
 I am in the business of removing obstacles." Without divine or arcane magical ability, your options in the cutthroat world of drow society were limited. You either became an expert in death, or you died young. After honing your murderous arts in the Underdark, you made your escape from the city of your birth to strike out on your own. Your reputation as a nighinvisible killer strikes fear into those who would wrong you. But those who respect you earn your ready support
\subsection{Dwarf Cleric}
 By Moradin's hammer, be made whole!" Although you started out as an artisan, you heard the voice of the dwarven deities in the stones you carved and metal you shaped. Your acts of artistry became acts of reverence, causing you to desire to exemplify the inner nature of your people. You joined the clergy, and your pure dwarven desires allowed you to connect to the divine
\subsection{Half-Elf Bard}
: "It seems I struck a chord. Ha! I love that one." The life of a vagabond is the only life you've ever known, and your various talents have rarely failed to provide you a warm bed and a hot supper. But mere survival is not enough anymore. You have discovered the hidden magic of words and music, and it is time for you to weave yourself into the stories told in hushed tones over steaming drinks, inspiring wonder in their listeners
\subsection{Hobbit monk}
 "Size of the body indicates nothing of the depth of the spirit." Ascetic life tempered your endurance, and a doctrine of and helping others tempered your tolerance and compassion. Your kindness and understanding you give freely, but your beliefs reserve your wrath and martial arts expertise for the cruel and wicked, especially those who harm the innocent or weak. You wander the world as a righter of wrongs, and an example that the spirit transcends and conquers the material
\subsection{Hobbit rogue}
 "Could you keep the screaming down a bit? I'm kinda busy here." You're completely self-sufficient. If you need something you take it. If someone else has it, they don;t anymore. Necessity trumps silly laws of possession.
\subsection{You weren}
t a desperate orphan, scratching out a living on the mean streets. Neither were you a noble poser, slumming for excitement. No, you are a master of adaptation to your environment—be it urban, dungeon, or the wild
\subsection{Half-orc}
paladin: "I might not be lovely to look upon, but glory blazes in my eyes and in my blade." Fury and resentment lie always just below the surface of your gleaming armor. For each wrong done you, you have sworn vengeance against those who would bring misery to the helpless. You are used to traveling on your own, meting out punishment on your terms wherever you find injustice. But recently you discovered others much like yourself, wanderers who fight monsters and defeat evildoers. True, they seem to be in it mostly for the money, but you welcome the companionship—for however long it lasts.
\subsection{Elf fighter}
 "I apologize for cutting off your fascinating diatribe with my blade in your belly. Small talk was never my strong suit." You have spent decades studying the art of combat, refining your skills with relentless vigor. Cunning and patient, your mind plays out each attack and counter before you strike for maximum effect. Though your magical repertoire is extremely limited, the spells you have chosen enhance your already prodigious ability.
\subsection{Elf wizard}
 So you clothe yourself in steel and cured leather, jab pointy sticks at your enemies, and think yourself mighty? Fool. My weapons are the building blocks of creation, the forces of the universe. Seek not to impress me with muscle and bone." Little about your demeanor or appearance would suggest that you are a professional adventurer. Your fine clothes are evidence of your privileged upbringing, your speech hints at your impressive education. Yet adventure is the surest, if cruelest, method of refining your arcane skills, as adversity traditionally allows one to reap the greatest benefits. Let those of limited scope spend their time poring over worn tomes from the safety of a library. You crave the arcane knowledge of past eons long forgotten, and the means to acheive the heights of untold glory of which you have always dreamed.
\subsection{Human Barbarian}
 "The wild is in my blood." Hailing from the northern lands, you are a stranger to civilization. Yet you travel wherever need guides you, fighting those who would despoil the wilderness. You have faced encroaching evil from monsters to greedy humans. You take what you need, and feed the ground with the blood of such enemies.
\subsection{Human Cleric}
 "Hail pounding cobbled roofs into rubble, waves pulverizing rocks into pebbles, the crack of trees split by lightning, the crash of thunder, making the strongest men flinch... was there ever a more beautiful symphony?" You are a worshiper of destructive weather: an initiate devoted to the wrath of thunder and the divine justice of lightning. You may not be the most popular priest in your community, but few are foolish enough to risk your ire.
\subsection{Human druid}
 "All things have a spirit within. My spirit is my strength." You were born in a sacred natural place, and you were marked from birth with supernatural gifts. Although your parents were farmers, your presence was a blessing to them and your village. The druids of the circle overseeing the land near your home tutored you from a young age, allowing you to eschew the normal life a farm child. You became able to shift your form when you entered puberty. Although your build is slight, your powers of spirit grant you all the might you need.
\subsection{Human Fighter}
 "Measure twice, cut once. Or two or three times, whatever works. Maybe five." You crave adventure like most people crave food or drink. You lived in any number of cities and villages during your time with the military, but no one place has ever truly felt like home–and you have slowly come to the conclusion that this is according to your preferences
\subsection{Human Paladin}
 "No thanks are necessary. I am but a humble servant of the gods. Well, perhaps just one drink." You follow the path of righteousness, and everyone knows it. Your family built chapels to the gods of light and life throughout their lands, and you spread the good word as you travel. You move in the highest circles of the ruling classes and among the simple folk, bringing salvation wherever you go. You vigorously proclaim the virtues of an honorable life, though sometimes your audience doesn't seem to share your enthusiasm. But you're no stick-in-themud, and you enjoy the worldly rewards for a job well done.
\subsection{Tiefling Warlock}
 "You want to wield power like mine? You want to taste the fire? The price is high, but the flames are sweet." You made a pact with a fiendish entity years ago. They promised you unstoppable power born in the pits of the Nine Hells in exchange for your servitude and obeisance.
\subsection{Elf Ranger}
 "Once I choose my prey, I never lose the trail or miss my mark. The hunt is all." The last remaining member of your tribe, you are the epitome of the rugged individualist. You know better than to ascribe qualities such as mercy or bounty to the forests of your youth. There are a thousand ways to die in the wilderness, and you have survived through muscle, wits, and will.